# cct-midterm

Here I use a Cultural Consensus Theory (CCT) model to infer and analyze individual informant compentence (D) and the cultural consensus (Z). I set my prior D at Uniform(.5, 1) as I reason that people's competence should be at minimum by chance, and it could go up to 1 to demonstrate absolute certainty with the consensus. Since you said that Bernoulli(.5) for Z is common practice, I left at that and there is also no way to tell if the answers are going to be weighted. We are going to just assume it is fair as a result. My results do seem largely reasonable. My posterior means are within the model distribution. The competence range and consensus answer key are calculated correctly. The posterior distribution graphs are also reasonable. Convergence checks from the summary is good with a high ESS and a R-hat of 1, which shows that this model should be identifiable. You did not ask for trace plots so we do not additionally confirm that way. Finally the agreement between the naive data and inference consensus is 80%, showing that they are very similar and that the model can reliably make inferences from the data. I am pretty sure I have implemented the model correctly, though I am unsure of the implementation of my pair plot. I cannot read kind 'kde' but at least when I changed it to 'scatter,' there is no strong negative correlation. This model should be identifiable. I kept the pair plot as 'kde' since that type is for large samples. I also created the figures directory, although it is not listed in the assignment requirements, so that I can view the plots. 

